Update Runs Page (#77)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/run/manage.mdx

---
page_title: Viewing and Managing Runs - Runs - Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise
description: >-
  Workspaces list current, pending, and historical runs. View run
  information and lock workspaces to prevent new runs.
---

# Viewing and Managing Runs

Each workspace in Terraform Cloud includes a list of its current, pending, and historical runs. You can view and interact with these runs in the UI. You can also lock workspaces to temporarily prevent new runs.

## API

Refer to the [Runs API](/cloud-docs/api-docs/run) and [lock a Workspace endpoint](/cloud-docs/api-docs/workspaces#lock-a-workspace).

## Navigating Runs

Go to the workspace and click the **Runs** tab to review a list of all current and past Terraform runs.

Click a run to go to its details page. The details page contains the following information:

- The current status of the run.
- The code commit associated with the run.

> - How the run was initiated, when, and which user initiated it (if applicable).

Author: YES - thank you!

| Force Cancel Run    | A plan or apply was canceled, but Terraform Cloud was unable to end the run. Requires admin access to the workspace.  |
| Retry Run           | A plan-only run has finished. You can also change which Terraform version to use when retrying a plan-only run.                                                                                                                    |

[permissions-citation]: #intentionally-unused---keep-for-maintainers

If a plan needs confirmation (with [manual apply](/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings#auto-apply-and-manual-apply) enabled) or a soft-mandatory policy failed, the run remains paused until a user with appropriate permissions uses these buttons to continue or discard the run. Refer to [Run States and Stages](/cloud-docs/run/states) for more details.

### Canceling Runs

If a run is currently planning or applying, users with [permission to apply runs](/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions#general-workspace-permissions) for the workspace can click **Cancel Run** to stop the run before it finishes.

[permissions-citation]: #intentionally-unused---keep-for-maintainers

> Canceling a run is roughly equivalent to typing ctrl+c during a Terraform plan or apply on the CLI. The running Terraform process is sent an INT signal, which instructs Terraform to end its work, update state for any resources that have already been changed, and wrap up in the safest way possible.

Author: yes! love this - good call out!

> In rare cases, a cancelled run can fail to end, continuing to lock the workspace. You can forcefully cancel these runs, which immediately terminates the running Terraform process and unlocks the workspace.

Author: YESSSSSSSS thank you for catching this!

# Viewing and Managing Runs

Each workspace in Terraform Cloud includes a list of its current, pending, and historical runs. You can view and interact with these runs in the UI. You can also lock workspaces to temporarily prevent new runs.

## API

Refer to the [Runs API](/cloud-docs/api-docs/run) and [lock a Workspace endpoint](/cloud-docs/api-docs/workspaces#lock-a-workspace).

## Navigating Runs

> Go to the **Runs** tab in the workspace to review a list of all Terrform runs associated with the workspace.

Author: ```suggestion
Click the **Runs** tab to review a list of all Terrform runs associated with the workspace.
```
